well howdy there internet people it's
beau again so today we're going to talk
about fake hate crimes
not really sure why um i've had a lot of
people ask for this video repeatedly
some were nice some weren't i had one
guy tell me i wouldn't dare
talk about this subject
the so when the story first broke i
didn't really follow it
um i thought it was odd that the hate
crime just stopped
normally hate crimes don't have a happy
ending but
it's not impossible maybe the attackers
saw somebody coming and took off running
who knows the police will they
investigate the complaint earnestly they
find new evidence they follow that
evidence and follower
leads they begin to suspect that he
filed a false complaint
and they arrest him this is completely
uninteresting to me
because that's how it's supposed to work
so it doesn't make i didn't care
um
so i didn't understand the repeated
requests for this video so i had to go
over to the right wing rage pages
to find out why i was supposed to be
angry that's what they
do you know they tell you why you need
to be mad
and you're right guys i didn't know that
he should be charged with a hate crime
and suffer a lengthy prison sentence
because of this because he put people's
lives in jeopardy
he he you know i mean he called the cops
and they could have just found
two random white guys wearing mega hats
and arrested them innocent people could
have gone to jail they could have gotten
beat or hurt
man you're right i didn't think of that
i didn't think of that that doesn't
happen any other time
that's not a common occurrence um
so let's give him 10 years let's give
him 10 years
i mean i think people call the cops too
much anyway and
i don't even watch his show so let's
just throw him under the bus
ten years but i'm assuming that in the
cells next to him
will be permit patty and barbecue becky
maybe even the president
for putting out that ad full-page ad
calling for the execution
of people who later turned out to be
innocent i mean if we're going to worry
about state violence
let's do it but
now it's not so appetizing now it's not
so rage inducing
you don't care about those cases just
the one
right can't imagine what the difference
is
this isn't the 1960s we don't have two
sets of laws
for people based on their skin tone
if i don't talk about a subject it is
not because i fear talking about it
it is because it's uninteresting to me
i can't use it to make a wider point and
normally the outrage of the day
isn't useful for making a wider point
it's only useful for
dividing people along partisan lines
turning them into drones
and making them ideologically
inconsistent
that's what they're good for that's what
those
the the the massive coverage of events
like this that's what it's good for
one of the biggest problems in this
country is that people are more
concerned about red versus blue
than they are their own beliefs
if people could remain ideologically
consistent it would be a whole lot
easier on this
if you only care about
this guy and what he did
and this instance it's blindingly racist
um it really is
anyway it's just a thought
you know y'all have a good night